Update readme.md (#7)
plaid/idv-quickstart: readme.md

identity using Plaid Identity Verification. This application uses NodeJS on the
backend, and vanilla JavaScript on the frontend.

## Demo video

> For a video tour and walkthrough of this sample app, check out [Plaid Identity Verification: Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EZwC5w6KCw&t=1388s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a video tour and walkthrough of this sample app, check out the [Plaid Identity Verification: Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EZwC5w6KCw).
```
